# On-Demand Wireguard VPN Server

This repository allows you to create a VPN server on demand (powered by Wireguard) on any AWS account and destroy it on demand.

## Motivation

Everyone needs a VPN connection these days, whether, for blocked VoIP calls, untrusted websites, blocked websites in your country, you name it.

However, if you like me, you don't like the commitment of monthly payments to a commercial VPN that claims they never sell your data (or at least they try to), sharing the same network with others, or at best won't use for more than few hours a month, then this is for you.

I'm trying to make this a non-technical user-friendly approach, but for now, you still need some basic knowledge (well, if you know how to follow instructions)

Key features:

- **Powered by Wireguard**: You can check the official [website](https://www.wireguard.com/) for all the great features such as cryptography that doesn't rely on username/passwords for connection, speed, and so on.
- **Pay as you go**: You only pay for the time the infrastructure is up. Once you destroy the infrastructure, you won't pay anything.
- **Completely dedicated to you**: The server is built solely for you, you are sharing neither the network nor the computing power with anyone.

## Requirements

- AWS Account with a credit card for payments
- Wireguard client

## Usage


You need to add 3 secrets to the GitHub Actions:
- AWS_ACCESS_KEY
- AWS_SECRET_KEY:  
The first two are straightforward, these are the credentials that will be used to create the resources.  
This is the part where you need some technical knowledge, I will try to simplify this in the future, but for now, google is your friend.  
The credentials should have a policy attached to them (find policy.json file), I made it as small as possible to have the only needed permissions to create the needed resources.

- EMAIL_ADDRESS:
 is used to send the credentials generated by the scripts, it will first send you an email to allow AWS to send emails, look for it when you run the `Create AWS` job. Otherwise, it will fail to send you the credentials.

You need to fork this repo under your GitHub Account, put the above secrets in the GitHub Actions secrets, and you will be ready to go.

### Creation

Go to the Actions tab, find the `Create Wireguard Platform on AWS` workflow, and click Run workflow. It might require approval by clicking Approve by the owner of the GitHub repo (you in this case).

You can check the output of the workflow and look for 
`You should have received an email from AWS asking you to verify your email address so we can send you an email with the keys ...` 
the message, this means you have to check your inbox to find the AWS subscription approval.

Once the workflow finishes, you will receive an email with the client configuration that can be used to connect to the server.

Open the Wireguard client (installation instructions [here](https://www.wireguard.com/install/), click Add Tunnel -> Add Empty Tunnel, copy the configuration from the email and paste it in the text box, click Save and you are done.

To activate the connection, just click Activate. Enjoy.

### Destruction
To destroy the resources, go to the Actions tab, find the Destroy job, and run it.
That's it. You are done.



## Known issues
- If you fail to approve the email subscription on time, the script will end without sending the Wireguard client credentials and you have to destroy the resources and start over.
- You shouldn't run the `Destroy` job while the `Create AWS` job is running, the results are unexpected and could result in billable astray resources.
- S3 Bucket that is used by Terraform is not destroyed and accrues charges. However the charges are trivial for now, but I will consider removing it automatically as well later.


## Things to be done
- I'm looking for a better way to share Wireguard credentials rather than sending them by email.
- The Wireguard configuration client (credentials) need to be sent as an attachment rather than plain text.
- Adding an automated way to download the client and set up the connection without user intervention.

## Disclaimer
This is a personal project that is not meant to be used professionally. It comes without any support, use it on your own.
If you don't know how AWS billing work, be careful not to accure unintended charges.

## Credits
This repo is a fork of  [sosedoff/wireguard-aws-gateway](https://github.com/sosedoff/wireguard-aws-gateway) repository but the original one requires you to run the commands locally on your machine one by one.

This one, however, is already prepared to use GitHub Actions to build the infrastructure with a click of a button and destroy it with another.


